(alarm blaring)
- (moans)
Whoop!
(alarm dies out)
(playful music)
(crow squawks)
(thunder booming)
(sighs)
*
(yelping)
(slow-motion whooshing)
(metal crashing)
(cat shrieks)
- Dumbass.
*
- Oh.
(electricity crackling)
(sighs)
Puma!
(puma snarls)
Ooh! Aah! Get--no, no!
(puma growling)
(struggling)
Why?
*
- So how was your day?
- Pretty good.
(downtempo electronic music)
*
- Ah!
- (squeaks)
*
- (growls)
- (kisses) All right,
I have to go to work.
- No.
- Yes.
Yes, got to.
- (kissing)
Starfish.
- I got to do it.
- Don't leave me.
- I got to do it. Sorry.
(groans)
- I think you still have some
clean shirts in the Josh drawer.
- Hey.
- Told you.
- Can I have
some of this coffee?
- Yeah, of course.
You can take the rest.
- Mmm, thank you.
Aw, look at that.
Amazing.
Um, hey, did you get
that e-mail I sent you
about how cute you are?
- You're cute.
- No, you're cute.
- You're cute, Mrs. Cute.
- Shut up. You're cute.
- You're cute.
I think you're cute, Mrs. Cute.
- Me?
- Yes.
- Really? Thank you.
- You're so cute. (kissing)
(babbling and giggling)
Um, wha--
uh, are you sure
that your roommates are, like,
cool with me being here
this much?
- Oh, my God, yeah, no, I've
known these guys, like, forever.
They're super cool.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Okay, great.
Hey, top of the morning,
uh, roommates.
Or, uh, Megan, should I say
"top of the Megan to you"?
Uh, Robin, Robin,
sorry again about last night,
about our moment.
Um, you really got to lock
that bathroom door, buddy.
I-I should have knocked,
but you should have locked.
Uh, it's a learning experience
for us both.
Uh,
Chris, all right,
bring it in, buddy.
Give me one.
One.
Two.
Three.
Four.
It's four.
There's always four.
Well, it's okay.
It's tricky.
We'll figure it out
tonight.
Uh, all right, guys.
(kisses)
- Bye.
(footsteps depart)
(door shuts)
- What?
(tense marimba music)
- You know what.
- He's here all the time, Lucy.
- Yeah, he's my boyfriend.
- Yeah, well,
we're your friends.
- You can't just let
boyfriends come in here
and stay as long as they want.
- What do you have against him?
- He eats all our food.
He drinks all our coffee.
- He uses all our toilet paper.
- He's a drain on our resources.
- Okay, I think
you're overreacting.
- Overreacting?
- Yeah.
- He's not on the lease.
That means he's living here
illegally.
- You--come on,
you guys aren't
gonna make this
a big thing, are you?
(dramatic music)
- Tough talk today
from apartment leaders
who are calling for
the deportation of boyfriends
living illegally
in unit 3R.
I'm joined by Megan.
- Hi.
- Megan, why is this such
a hot-button issue for you?
- Well, Brad,
I love our apartment.
I think it is the greatest
apartment in the world.
But if we don't
start cracking down
on these undocumented
boyfriends,
then pretty soon,
I tell you what,
we're not gonna have
an apartment left.
- Now, Megan, I agree with you,
but how would you
respond to those who
claim that boyfriends
make the apartment stronger?
- Look, this might not
sound politically correct,
but let's be honest,
we're not getting
the best
and the brightest here.
We're getting the vermin,
the criminals.
And that is why,
effective immediately,
our apartment
will be taking steps
to secure its borders.
(sinister music)
- Oh, man.
- Oh, come on.
(sighs)
Hi.
- She's on the lease.
Let her through.
- Thank--thank you, sir.
Thank you.
- Whoa!
- Ah.
- Not you, illegal.
- Are you kidding me?
- Okay.
It's--it's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
I'll just, uh--
I'll go to the movies
or something; it's fine.
- No, you know what?
What Megan's doing is wrong.
I'm gonna fix this.
You stay right here.
- Okay.
- Right here, Josh.
Move!
- Okay.
- I can't believe you guys
are doing this.
This is so hypocritical.
Chris, what about Ted?
- Ted is here
on a three-day sex visa, okay?
He comes in, he does his job,
and then he leaves.
- What is your
problem with Josh?
If you just give him a shot--
- He doesn't even
speak the language, Luce.
When we're all
watching "The Bachelor,"
he's like,
"Uh, me not understand."
- Okay, whoa.
- "There's more than one
named Amanda?"
- You do not
have to do the voice.
- It's what he sounds like.
- Okay, I get it.
You guys don't like Josh.
But I do, so can you please
just give him a chance for me?
- Maybe he could stay, but just
poop at home instead of here?
- No, Robin.
Josh isn't welcome here,
and he never will be.
Give it up, Luce,
it's over.
(sly music)
- We'll see.
*
- Hey.
- Yeah?
- Illegal?
- Yes.
- You speak-y "The Bachelor,"
huh?
- What?
- Rose ceremony?
Fantasy suite?
(chuckles)
- I-I don't understand
what you're talking about.
- (chuckles)
(cell phone buzzes)
(text messages chiming)
(lively suspenseful music)
- (panting)
Oh, man.
*
(dramatic sting)
(shovel scrapes)
Ah, ah.
- Josh, Josh.
- Oh, oh.
- It's me. Come here.
Come here. It's okay.
- Oh, God.
- It's okay. It's okay.
- Agua.
- It's okay, baby.
- It's okay. Here, here.
Here, it's okay.
- Oh, it's so bright in here.
- (shushing)
- Mmm. Mmm!
- It's okay, okay.
It's okay.
You're safe now.
You're safe.
(intense music)
- Ah!
- Go get him!
- No!
- No, no, no!
(dog barking)
No, no!
(Josh screaming)
- Back off, ma'am.
Back...off.
*
- (grunts)
- Go back to where you come
from, you stinkin' boyfriend!
- Get out.
- You're disgusting, Josh.
- Go!
- No one wants you!
- Listen to me.
Hear my words.
I first came to this apartment
with nothing but
the shirt on my back,
my toothbrush,
and my phone
and my phone charger, uh,
but through it all,
I never lost sight of the dream
of coming to this
beautiful apartment
and hanging out with Lucy,
so, please, I ask you--
- (yells)
- Ah!
Jesus, Robin.
- (crying)
- No, no, no.
You did the right thing.
- What?
- Just get out of here.
- Fine.
(Kishi Bashi's "Philosophize
In It! Chemicalize With It!")
*
We will.
- Lucy...
- Thank you.
- Lucy, what are you doing?
- I am moving in with Josh.
- Hey.
- You can't move
to Josh's place; it's not safe.
- It's rife with drugs!
- Plus, you guys,
like, just started dating.
- I don't care.
I'm doing it anyway.
Come on, Josh.
- Are you sure you--
you--you want
to move in with me?
- Yeah.
Absolutely.
- * I will take you offline
* Philosophize in it,
chemicalize with it *
*
- Eat it!
- (kisses) Hey.
- Mm, mornin'.
- I hate to say it,
but I have to go to work.
- No, no.
- (laughing) Get off me.
I have to. Ready?
- All right, fine.
I-I think there's some, uh,
clean shirts in the Lucy drawer.
- You know what?
I think the shirt I'm wearing
is actually probably fine.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
- Yeah.
Hey, are you sure
you're comfortable
here at my place?
I-I know that
my humble abode
isn't as stylish
as you're used to.
- I don't care.
I'm fine as long
as I'm with you.
(incoming Skype call chiming)
(exhales)
(Skype call connects)
Hey, dude, what's up?
- Just calling to say hi.
It's been a while.
- Yeah, yeah, you're right,
sorry.
Josh and I have just
been, uh, settling in.
- Hey, nice beer can
collection.
- Hmm?
Oh, that's--
I'm not--they're just on--
- Oh, my God,
is that a lava lamp?
- Um, give me
one se--second.
I'm just...
gonna find...
Hey! There.
- I was thinking I could
come over sometime,
get the grand tour?
(tense music pounds)
*
- Yeah.
Yeah, sure, come by anytime.
- How 'bout tonight?
I'll bring Chris and Robin.
I'm sure they'd love
to see it too.
- Sure.
Great, that's--
that's great.
- Great.
See you at 8:00.
Stoked.
- Okay. Bye.
(Skype call disconnects)
(dramatic music pounds)
(exhales deeply)
- Hey, hey,
good news.
I got the drawer out, so--
What?
What--what is happening?
- My friends are coming over.
- Oh, cool.
- No, no, no, no, no, not cool.
They're super judgmental.
You know them.
The place is a mess.
- Yeah?
Yeah, I guess.
Okay, uh, no biggie.
Uh, we'll just clean up.
I'll go get the, uh, Swiffer.
(soft tense music)
Oh!
What the heck are you doing?
What--what's going on?
- Do you not get it?
If they see any of this shit,
we are looking at,
like, eight to ten years
of getting made fun of.
I can't take that, man.
I'm too weak.
Too goddamn weak, Josh.
(toy pig squeaks)
- Uh, like, so...
not this, obviously;
we're--
Oh, no, no, no, wait.
What are you doing?
There are still
cheat codes in here,
still usable cheat codes.
(acid gurgles)
So, uh--just--is the--
is the plan
to just...
throw everything I own
into acid?
- No, not everything's
gonna fit.
- Right.
- You have to take care
of the big boy.
- The big--
No!
Not my old futon.
Futy is one
of my favorite things.
Plus, he turns into a bed,
so he's like
two things.
- We have to dismember him.
- Jesus.
- Start with the legs.
- (whines softly)
Uh...
Ah, man.
(dramatic music pounds)
- It's not coming out, man.
The Sriracha's not coming out!
(futon squirts)
- Ugh, okay.
I think I'm gonna throw up.
- Don't you go soft on me now.
We're almost out of the woods.
(playful music)
- Aah!
- Robin.
(door creaks)
(sinister music pounds)
*
- Uh...
I...
got here early, so...
I walked around the block
for a while.
But I have this ice cream cake,
and I didn't want it to melt,
so I thought I could
put it in your freezer
and walk around the block
some more until
Megan and Chris arrive,
but...
I should have texted first.
I didn't mean
to interrupt anything!
(thud)
- Shit, she's awake.
- I didn't see anything.
I swear!
I won't tell Megan
about the stained rug
or the Big Mouth Billy Bass.
- Nope, in the water.
On three.
One.
- Oh, pl--please.
- Shut up.
Two.
- Oh, shit!
Oh, (bleep), oh, goddamn,
shit, (bleep), (bleep)!
- And...
- Okay, wait a second.
Okay, this--
this is a bit much, look.
I think we're going
a bit crazy.
I mean, I know I don't live
in the Taj Mahal.
Uh, but is my apartment
really so bad
that you have to murder one
of your friends because of it?
(rapid footsteps)
- Damn it.
She's getting away.
- What?
Holy (bleep).
(gunshots)
- (yelps)
(moans)
(grunts)
- Ah.
- It's fine.
If the currents don't get her,
the sharks will.
- (groaning)
(ship horn blares)
- (sighs)
- Okay.
Oh, this place
looks so much better.
We got a couple minutes
before Megan comes over,
so we can--
Are you leaving?
- Yeah, uh...
I-I just don't really
feel like being here right now.
(tender music)
- What? Why?
- Uh, 'cause you spent
all day freaking out
over what a dump
my place is, so...
- I-I just--I wanted
people to like our apartment.
- Uh, you mean
you wanted people
to like your apartment.
- Where you going?
- Uh, to Mike's.
*
(somber guitar music)
(cell phone chimes)
- Okay, so I'm not King Fancy
with a leather couch
and a diamond chair.
Apparently, that makes me
a loser.
- Sucks, bro.
- It does, man.
She just clearly
doesn't accept me
the way that I am.
- Well, I do.
- Really?
- For real, you're my brother,
and I love you, man.
All these guys love you.
(regal music and swordplay
on TV)
We love you and accept you
just the way you are.
- Hey.
- Here.
- Thanks, boys.
- Yeah.
- I appreciate that.
(knocking)
- Oh, hey, Liz.
- Hey, Lucy.
Is Josh here?
He left his retainer
at our parents' house.
- Oh, um, no.
I can take that.
Okay.
- Wow.
- He's actually not here.
He's kind of mad at me.
I got rid of a bunch
of his stuff.
- You got rid of Futy.
- Yeah.
- Thank God.
That thing was nasty.
- I mean, I guess.
I, um--I just--I think
I really upset him.
And I feel like a jerk.
- He'll get over it.
Wow.
Where is Josh, anyway?
- He's with Mike.
(suspenseful music)
- Mike?
- Yeah, they're probably just
blowing off steam or something;
I don't know.
- Lucy, listen to me.
Mike is very dangerous.
- Really?
I-I met him once.
He seems cool.
- Yeah.
That's the problem.
He's extremely charismatic.
He lures boyfriends in
when they're feeling vulnerable
and makes them feel accepted.
But it's all just
so that he can control them.
Before long, they're
his brainwashed followers
doing whatever he tells them.
(sighs)
- Shoot.
All right.
Where do they usually hang out?
- These days?
(ominous music)
Guyana.
(airplane engine roars)
(insects droning)
(birds chirping)
- My bros, my bros.
Your girlfriends
don't accept you.
They want to change you.
They want to make your apartment
look more "adult."
(men booing)
They want to make you
a new dude. But I accept you
as the dude that you are.
And I love you unconditionally.
No homo.
- We love you, dude.
- You the man.
- Yeah.
- You the man, Mike!
- No homo.
- Aah!
- Hey, hey, hey.
- Jesus--what--what are you--
Lucy, what are you doing here?
- I miss you.
Why don't--
why don't we go home?
- Because
Guyana's my home.
Look, Mike accepts me
the way that I am, all right?
He never--he never had
any problems with my apartment.
- Okay, Josh.
Josh, listen.
I am so, so sorry
about how I acted, all right?
I-I was worried
about impressing my friends.
I didn't think about
how it might make you feel.
- You--
you threw away my futon
without even asking me.
- Yeah.
- And it folds into a bed,
so it's like
you threw away two things.
- Yeah, I know.
I'm so sorry.
- Well, I hope your friends
at least liked the apartment.
- Well, I--
I told them not to come.
There wasn't any point
if you weren't there with me.
(soft guitar music)
- A girlfriend!
- Hey--oh, right.
- A girlfriend among us!
We have been infiltrated!
- Hello.
(laughs nervously)
- Oh, my bros, my bros, my bros!
This place is too dope!
They can't let it last!
There's only one option left.
Get the Kool-Aid.
(men cheering)
- Yeah!
- Now mix it with the vodka.
Quickly, now. Shots, my bros!
It is the only way.
(slamming podium)
We must do shots!
(men clamoring)
Shots, shots, shots, shots!
The younger bros first,
then the eldest.
- Do you want
to get out of here?
- Well, you--you don't want
to hang out with Mike anymore?
- Uh...
- Oh, mother, mother, mother,
mother, please.
- No, let's--
let's go back to my place.
- Okay.
- Um...
*
Let's go back to our place.
- Okay.
- All right.
*
(laughter)
(upbeat music over stereo)
- Well, hey, sick
housewarming party, bro.
- Thank you very much.
- Yeah, oh, yeah.
Sorry I got a little crazy
the other day.
- That's absolutely fine.
Every--everything turn out
okay, though?
- No.
*
- To his bone,
sliced it to the bone.
Hi.
- I was just telling Lucy
the apartment looks amazing.
- Thank you.
- Yeah, super interesting
decor choices.
I haven't seen a lava lamp
since middle school.
- Thank you.
I really like it.
- Like it?
(door opens)
*
- Robin!
- Hi.
- Where have you been?
- What happened to your arm?
- Yes, Robin,
what happened to your arm?
- Uh, I...
I, uh...
I...
I don't know?
- You don't know?
(raucous laughter)
- Robin, you're crazy!
- I like this girl.
- Normal.
Everything's normal.
- Ah!
- Is this the new futon?
- Yes, it is, in fact.
- Yeah, yeah.
We just bought it together.
It's my new favorite thing.
- And--and you know
it turns into a bed?
- So really,
it's like two things.
- A couch that turns
into a bed?
Yeah, I'll believe it
when I see it.
- Yeah, right?
All right, watch this.
- Oh, oh, oh, okay.
- Okay.
- All right, ready?
- All right.
- Okay?
- On three.
- Yep.
- One...
both: Two, three!
(all cheering)
- Very nice!
- Okay.
(Caveman's "Never Going Back")
- * Changed my mind
* Just to see what's new
* I wanna do what's right
* Just to make it through
* Till I'm wide awake
* And the feeling's gone
* Just a lie
that leads me back again *
*
* Ooh, ooh
* Never going back again
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH